feat: support event bridge (#4188)
philips-labs/terraform-aws-github-runner: docs/configuration.md

- Org vs Repo level. You can configure the module to connect the runners in GitHub on an org level and share the runners in your org, or set the runners on repo level and the module will install the runner to the repo. There can be multiple repos but runners are not shared between repos.
- Multi-Runner module. This modules allows you to create multiple runner configurations with a single webhook and single GitHub App to simplify deployment of different types of runners. Check the detailed module [documentation](modules/public/multi-runner.md) for more information or checkout the [multi-runner example](examples/multi-runner.md).

> - Webhook mode, the module can be deployed in the mode `direct` and `eventbridge`. The `direct` mode is the default and will directly distribute to SQS for the scale-up lambda. The `eventbridge` mode will publish the event to an event bus with a target rule the events are sent to a dispatch lambda. The dispatch lambda will send the event to the SQS queue. The `eventbridge` mode is useful when you want to have more control over the events and potentially filter them. The `eventbridge` mode is disabled by default. We expect thhe `eventbridge` mode will be the future direction to build a data lake, build metrics, acto on `workflow_job` job started events, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Webhook mode, the module can be deployed in the mode `direct` and `eventbridge`. The `direct` mode is the default and will directly distribute to SQS for the scale-up lambda. The `eventbridge` mode will publish the event to an event bus with a target rule the events are sent to a dispatch lambda. The dispatch lambda will send the event to the SQS queue. The `eventbridge` mode is useful when you want to have more control over the events and potentially filter them. The `eventbridge` mode is disabled by default. We expect the `eventbridge` mode will be the future direction to build a data lake, build metrics, act on `workflow_job` job started events, etc.
```

> - Webhook mode, the module can be deployed in the mode `direct` and `eventbridge` (Experimental). The `direct` mode is the default and will directly distribute to SQS for the scale-up lambda. The `eventbridge` mode will publish the event to an event bus with a target rule the events are sent to a dispatch lambda. The dispatch lambda will send the event to the SQS queue. The `eventbridge` mode is useful when you want to have more control over the events and potentially filter them. The `eventbridge` mode is disabled by default. We expect thhe `eventbridge` mode will be the future direction to build a data lake, build metrics, acto on `workflow_job` job started events, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Webhook mode, the module can be deployed in the mode `direct` and `eventbridge` (Experimental). The `direct` mode is the default and will directly distribute to SQS for the scale-up lambda. The `eventbridge` mode will publish the event to an event bus with a target rule the events are sent to a dispatch lambda. The dispatch lambda will send the event to the SQS queue. The `eventbridge` mode is useful when you want to have more control over the events and potentially filter them. The `eventbridge` mode is disabled by default. We expect thhe `eventbridge` mode will be the future direction to build a data lake, build metrics, act on `workflow_job` job started events, etc.
```
